"Act as if what you do makes a difference. IT DOES." - William James
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.' - Winston Churchill
"Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye." - Helen Keller
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Zig Ziglar
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." Theodore Roosevelt
"When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go." Carol Burnett
"I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination." - Jimmy Dean
"No matter what you're going through, there's a light at the end of the tunnel." - Demi Lovato
"It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome." - William James
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving." - Albert Einstein
"Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong." - Ella Fitzgerald
"Limit your "always" and your "nevers."" - Amy Poehler
"Nothing is impossible. The word itself says "I'm possible!"" - Audrey Hepburn
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
"Try to be a rainbow in someone else's cloud." - Maya Angelou
"You do not find the happy life. You make it." - Camilla Eyring Kimball
"Inspiration comes from within yourself. One has to be positive. When you're positive, good things happen." - Deep Roy
"Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment, until it becomes a memory." - Dr. Seuss
"It isn't where you came from. It's where you're going that counts." - Ella Fitzgerald
"Stay close to anything that makes you glad you are alive." - Hafez
"Some people look for a beautiful place. Others make a place beautiful." - Hazrat Inayat Khan
"Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open." - John Barrymore
"Life changes very quickly, in a very positive way, if you let it." - Lindsey Vonn
"Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow." - Helen Keller
"You don't always need a plan. Sometimes you just need to breathe, trust, let go and see what happens." - Mandy Hale
"If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive." - Maya Angelou
"The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot." - Michael Altshuler
